OpenApi Tools (#3734)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: docs/openapi/MANIFEST_CONFIGURATION.md

# Manifest Configuration

The dependency management system uses manifest files to define which OpenAPI models to include and how to process them. The package looks for manifest files in the following order:

- `ama-openapi.manifest.json`
- `ama-openapi.manifest.yaml`
- `ama-openapi.manifest.yml`
- `openapi.manifest.json`
- `openapi.manifest.yaml`
- `openapi.manifest.yml`

> [!TIP]
> In case no valid file from the previous list is found, the mechanism will parse the `package.json` to find manifest definitions.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> To make sure to properly expose its models, the Manifest file need to be embedded in the artifact.
The manifest file follows a [specific schema](../../packages/@ama-openapi/core/schemas/manifest.schema.json) that list sthe referenceable models and the `transforms` applied to it.

## Manifest Schema

> The manifest file follows a [specific schema](../../packages/@ama-openapi/core/schemas/manifest.schema.json) that list the referenceable models and the transforms applied to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The manifest file follows a [specific schema](../../packages/@ama-openapi/core/schemas/manifest.schema.json) that lists the referenceable models and the `transform` fields applied to it.
```
this line is a duplicate of the [!IMPORTANT] note above, do you want to keep both?

**Examples:**

<details>

<summary>Single model</summary>

```json5
{
  "models": {
    "@my/specification-package": "models/ExampleModel.v1.yaml"
  }
}
```

Equivalent to:

```json5
{
  "models": {
    "@my/specification-package": {
      "path": "models/ExampleModel.v1.yaml"
    }
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>

> <summary>Default package bundled specification</summary>

Author: It is an example of how we can access to the bundled specification exposed by the dependency (the one exposed in the dependency `package.json`'s `main` field).
It is mainly the result of a build in the dependency artifact.

```json5
{
  "models": {
    "@my/specification-package": true
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>

<summary>Rename definition</summary>

```json5
{
  "models": {
    "@my/specification-package": {
      "path": "models/ExampleModel.v1.yaml",
      "transform": {
        "fileRename": "MyPrefix_$1",
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> [!NOTE]
> The keyword `$1` allows referencing the original file name. In this example, the final file will be `MyPrefix_ExampleModel.v1.yaml`.

</details>

<details>

> <summary>Apply a single mask</summary>

Author: Added a Note with a link to TRANSFORM.md
